Discount thousand rolls
This turns out to be my red sandalwood.
A thousand years.
I can't believe he's still intact.
Master Qin, why do you look at this incense stove?
Maybe it's the origin of this thing.
Ah.
If I'm not mistaken.
This is the red sandalwood used by five previous emperors.
Iron shoes can't be found.
You are, of course, a descendant of the Royal Mausoleum.
Oh, it's exciting.
Prince Qin is laughing.
Where's our whole life?
There are no other hobbies.
Just love this fragrance and the ancient tombs of the previous dynasty.
I wonder if Mr. Qin can tell me more about the origin of this object?
Of course, this object was placed in the study rooms of the first five emperors.
It is rumored that this object can fly ten miles around Liang San Ring.
Endless Surplus
Now this fragrance is soft and fragrant.
Long lasting aftertaste
It is presented by Nam Hai best and arranged together with orchids.
But I'm curious.
This formula must have been only one eunuch manager in the life of the Five Emperors before.
I can't believe this world can smell this.
It's hard to step on the heart
You can see the origin of this thing.
This engulfed in the long historical river of old news of the previous dynasty.
How can you be like a warrior?
Who are you?